RHDEVDOCS 6048 Release Notes for Pipelines 1.14.4 (#75481)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-14.adoc

* Before this update, when you used the `tkn pr logs -f` command to view the logs for a running pipeline, the command line utility stopped responding, even if the pipeline run completed successfully. With  this update, the `tkn pr logs -f` command properly displays the log information and exits.

[id="release-notes-1-14-4_{context}"]
== Release notes for {pipelines-title} General Availability 1.14.4

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.14.4 is available on {OCP} 4.12 and later versions.

[id="fixed-issues-1-14-4_{context}"]
=== Fixed issues

* Before this update, a large number of error messages referencing `tekton-pipelines-webhook.ConversionWebhook` was sometimes logged. With this update, unneeded conversion webhook configuration for the `ClusterTask` and `StepAction` Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) was removed, and such error messages are no longer logged.

> * Before this update, some configuration settings using `options` sections in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR) did not work. With this update, the settings work.

Reviewer: If configuration is specified at both places like the `field` in tektonconfig and also in `options`, then race use to happen, and proper configurations were not getting created with precedence order

> * Before this update, the {popelines-shortname} console plugin pod did not move to the node specified using the `nodeSelector`, `tolerations`, and `priorityClassName` settings. With this update, the plugin pod moves to the correct node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the {popelines-shortname} console plugin pod did not move to the node specified using the `nodeSelector`, `tolerations`, and `priorityClassName` settings. With this update, the {popelines-shortname} console plugin pod moves to the correct node.
```

> * Before this update, the {popelines-shortname} console plugin pod did not move to the node specified using the `nodeSelector`, `tolerations`, and `priorityClassName` settings. With this update, the plugin pod moves to the correct node.

Reviewer 3: typo in `popelines-shortname`

> * Before this update, some error messages were logged without the proper context information. With this update, error messages contain the required information.

Reviewer: this can be removed, nothing for end user

Reviewer 4: @piyush-garg wasn't this a bug reported by customer ? Wouldn't it be nice to have it as part of RN ?

Reviewer: ack, lets keep it. but pleaase mention that in the `operator controller` logs

Author: done

> * Before this update, if the `pipelines-scc-rolebinding` rolebinding was missing or deleted, the {pipelines-shortname} controller failed to function correctly when reconciling namespaces. With this update, the controller functions correctly.

Reviewer: missing or deleted `in any user namesapce`

and `operator` controller used to stuck and stop creating resources like `pipeline` serviceaccount etc in new namespaces

> * Before this update, configuring the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler failed to create a new autoscaler. With this update, Horizontal Pod Autoscaler configuration works correctly.

Reviewer: configuring HPA in `options` field

Reviewer 5: Before this update, in `options` configuring the new Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) creation was disabled. With this update, new HPA creation configuration enabled and works correctly.

> * Before this update, if the `pipelines-scc-rolebinding` rolebinding was missing or deleted in any namespace, the {pipelines-shortname} operator controller failed to function correctly when starting and stopping resources in new namespaces. With this update, the controller functions correctly.

Reviewer: not `when starting and stopping`, basically controller no longer creates the default resources in new namespaces

Author: done

> * Before this update, configuring the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler using the `options` section in the `TektonConfig` CR was disabled. With this update, Horizontal Pod Autoscaler configuration using the `options` section works correctly.

Reviewer 5: @mramendi under the `options`, 
* until 1.14.3, HPA update is supported, only creation of new HPA is disabled due to a bug. [1]
* from 1.14.4 HPA creation enabled.

[1] - https://docs.openshift.com/pipelines/1.14/about/op-release-notes.html
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/1004403/cb5ded60-07fc-48b1-9f7b-933b90e4db43)

Author: PTAL now.

* Before this update, when you started many pipeline runs using {pac} at the same time and these pipelines runs included a `max-keep-run` annotation, the {pac} watcher was unable to reconcile the pipeline runs because of a race condition between deletion of existing pipeline runs and processing new pipeline runs. Because of this issue, some pipeline runs could not be processed.  With this update, the {pac} watcher processes pipeline runs.

* Before this update, when you used the `tkn pr logs -f` command to view the logs for a running pipeline, the command line utility stopped responding, even if the pipeline run completed successfully. With  this update, the `tkn pr logs -f` command properly displays the log information and exits.

[id="release-notes-1-14-4_{context}"]
== Release notes for {pipelines-title} General Availability 1.14.4

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.14.4 is available on {OCP} 4.12 and later versions.

[id="fixed-issues-1-14-4_{context}"]
=== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, a large number of error messages referencing `tekton-pipelines-webhook.ConversionWebhook` was sometimes logged. With this update, unneeded conversion webhook configuration for the `ClusterTask` and `StepAction` Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) was removed, and such error messages are no longer logged.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Before this update, a large number of error messages referencing `tekton-pipelines-webhook.ConversionWebhook` could be logged. With this update, unneeded conversion webhook configuration for the `ClusterTask` and `StepAction` Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) was removed, and such error messages are no longer logged.
```

> * Before this update, some configuration settings using `options` sections in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR) did not work, because a race condition happened if the same setting was configured using both the `options` section and another field in the `TektonConfig` CR. With this update, the settings work.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Before this update, some configuration settings using the `options` sections in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR) did not work, because a race condition would occurr if the same setting was configured in both the `options` section and another field in the `TektonConfig` CR. With this update, the settings work.
```

> * Before this update, some configuration settings using the `options` sections in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR) did not work, because a race condition would occurr if the same setting was configured in both the `options` section and another field in the `TektonConfig` CR. With this update, the settings work.

Reviewer 7: Typo:
```suggestion
* Before this update, some configuration settings using the `options` sections in the `TektonConfig` custom resource (CR) did not work, because a race condition would occur if the same setting was configured in both the `options` section and another field in the `TektonConfig` CR. With this update, the settings work.
```

* Before this update, the {pipelines-shortname} console plugin pod did not move to the node specified using the `nodeSelector`, `tolerations`, and `priorityClassName` settings. With this update, the {pipelines-shortname} plugin pod moves to the correct node.

* Before this update, some error messages were logged in the operator controller logs without the proper context information. With this update, error messages contain the required information.

> * Before this update, if the `pipelines-scc-rolebinding` rolebinding was missing or deleted in any namespace, the {pipelines-shortname} operator controller failed to create default resources in new namespaces correctly. With this update, the controller functions correctly.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if the `pipelines-scc-rolebinding` rolebinding was missing or deleted in any namespace, the {pipelines-shortname} operator controller would fail to create default resources in new namespaces correctly. With this update, the controller functions correctly.
```

* Before this update, if you configured the Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) using the `options` section in the `TektonConfig` CR, any existing HPA was updated correctly but a new HPA was not created when required. With this update, Horizontal Pod Autoscaler configuration using the `options` section works correctly.

> * Before this update, if a user or an {pipelines-shortname} controller used the {pipelines-shortname} API to modify a pipeline run that was in the process of being started by {pac}, sometimes {pac} stopped and the log contained "panic" messages. With this update, the pipeline being started by {pac} can be modified concurrently.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if a user or an {pipelines-shortname} controller used the {pipelines-shortname} API to modify a pipeline run that was in the process of being started by {pac},  {pac} could stop and the log contained "panic" messages. With this update, the pipeline being started by {pac} can be modified concurrently.
```

> * Before this update, in {pac}, a concurrency limit setting of 0 was not interpreted as disabling the concurrency limit. With this update, a concurrency limit setting of 0 disables the concurrency limit.

Reviewer 7: Up to you, but if the value of 0 here is specifically referring to a value you'd set in a file, I'd put the number in backticks:
```suggestion
* Before this update, in {pac}, a concurrency limit setting of `0` was not interpreted as disabling the concurrency limit. With this update, a concurrency limit setting of `0` disables the concurrency limit.
```
